This folder contains four subfolders, three for the Pepler model variations and one for the SASRec model. Each subfolder includes a requirements file to ensure compatibility with the required framework versions:

1- PEPLER-master:
Contains the original source code of PEPLER without any modifications.

--> The script to execute PEPLER the model is:

python -u main.py --data_path ../MoviesAndTV/reviews.pickle --index_dir ../MoviesAndTV/1/ --cuda --checkpoint ./moviesAndTV/ >> moviesAndTV.log 

2-PEPLERMF:
Contains the version of PEPLER that integrates user and item embeddings generated by a Matrix Factorization (MF) model. This folder also includes the MFmodel, which implements the MF model, extracts the embeddings after training, and saving them to output files.

--> The script to execute MFmodel is:

python MFmodel.py

3- PEPLERSASRec:
Contains the version of PEPLER that integrates the user and item embeddings extracted from the pre-trained SASRec model.

4- The SASRec folder:
Contains the SASRec model, with the following modifications:

    - In the model file, a new function 'extract_userEmd' has been added to extract the user    embeddings.

    - added data processing file (data/Dataprocessing.py) to process and save data from Pepler's Reviews.pickle file to the SASRec data folder. This ensures compatibility that the same data is used in Pepler for the SASRec model.

    - In addition, there is a UserEmbeddings file, which loads a pre-trained SASRec model, extracts user embeddings from the data by calling 'extract_userEmd' function , and saves these embeddings in an output file.

--> The SASRec model execution script is:

python main.py --dataset=DatasetName --train_dir=default --maxlen=200 --dropout_rate=0.2 --device=cuda

--> The script to extract user embeddings is:

python UserEmbeddings.py --dataset=DatasetName --train_dir=default --maxlen=200 --device=cuda
